I don't Evernote we're gonna do the
review on Evernote right usually when
you're first open up Evernote is going
to ask you to make an account sign of a
blah all that stuff so I really made my
account and once you do that's where
when you make that count that's for all
your stuff is going to be saved your
text nodes your snapshot notes just a
folder notes and your heart you'll note
so let's start um text node yeah this
one thing bad about the application I
had noticed I don't know why needs ask
your location I'm just going to put okay
already got their income of a hostile
track me down let's do the notes will do
when we're done save sends it is your
account and all you have to do is open
it and note it's pretty much an email
based kind of thing where your email
yourself yeah so yeah pretty much it's
not shaved on the iphone so from what i
know it's not saving life and so i'm
pretty sure it doesn't say it says you
memory snapshot notice a you want to
take a picture or something let's take a
picture
all right I just did a picture of my
screwdriver back and so just use that
photo
it's going to ask you again your
location again and again there you just
send this press save um I'm really not
gonna even bother to say that because
you're gonna take not not even a mini
buster i'm gonna waste my time all you
have to do is press save and i'll send
it to your little account and you got
your note stage so i'm not going to save
this i'm really care let's do the safe
boat ola note i only have one picture
right now this on my phone that i took a
picture with i have a photo gallery but
it didn't achieve that on evernote they
pick whatever picture you took with your
camera and it's going to send it to your
send it to your account on Evernote how
do you'll note so you want to make a
voice recording so you have to be like I
i would reach up and i'm using the voice
recording for like recording a song i
don't know what the title is you know
like ask somebody I know hey do you know
what's on this Cardinal you know or like
it people thats lazy to type just ready
oh yeah stop so press save Oh sentir
Evernote account and done you're over
your notes there's a little tab right
there through the English and it shows
all your notes that you have saved
pending is the ones being sent
in your account information all that
stuff is right there this is Evernote
during a note application for the iPhone